UNIT FILE                                   STATE   
abrt-ccpp.service                           [1;32menabled [0m
abrt-oops.service                           [1;32menabled [0m
abrt-pstoreoops.service                     [1;31mdisabled[0m
abrt-vmcore.service                         [1;32menabled [0m
abrt-xorg.service                           [1;32menabled [0m
abrtd.service                               [1;32menabled [0m
accounts-daemon.service                     [1;32menabled [0m
alsa-restore.service                        static  
alsa-state.service                          static  
alsa-store.service                          static  
anaconda-direct.service                     static  
anaconda-nm-config.service                  static  
anaconda-noshell.service                    static  
anaconda-shell@.service                     static  
anaconda-sshd.service                       static  
anaconda-tmux@.service                      static  
anaconda.service                            static  
arp-ethers.service                          [1;31mdisabled[0m
atd.service                                 [1;32menabled [0m
auditd.service                              [1;32menabled [0m
auth-rpcgss-module.service                  static  
autofs.service                              [1;31mdisabled[0m
autovt@.service                             [1;32menabled [0m
avahi-daemon.service                        [1;32menabled [0m
blk-availability.service                    [1;31mdisabled[0m
bluetooth.service                           [1;32menabled [0m
brandbot.service                            static  
brltty.service                              [1;31mdisabled[0m
canberra-system-bootup.service              [1;31mdisabled[0m
canberra-system-shutdown-reboot.service     [1;31mdisabled[0m
canberra-system-shutdown.service            [1;31mdisabled[0m
certmonger.service                          [1;31mdisabled[0m
cgconfig.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
cgdcbxd.service                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
cgred.service                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
chrony-dnssrv@.service                      static  
chrony-wait.service                         [1;31mdisabled[0m
chronyd.service                             [1;32menabled [0m
colord.service                              static  
configure-printer@.service                  static  
console-getty.service                       [1;31mdisabled[0m
console-shell.service                       [1;31mdisabled[0m
container-getty@.service                    static  
cpupower.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
crond.service                               [1;32menabled [0m
cups-browsed.service                        [1;31mdisabled[0m
cups.service                                [1;32menabled [0m
dbus-org.bluez.service                      [1;32menabled [0m
dbus-org.fedoraproject.FirewallD1.service   [1;32menabled [0m
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service          [1;32menabled [0m
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service      static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.import1.service        static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service        static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service         static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.machine1.service       static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service  [1;32menabled [0m
dbus-org.freedesktop.network1.service       [1;31mbad     [0m
dbus-org.freedesktop.NetworkManager.service [1;32menabled [0m
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service  [1;32menabled [0m
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service      static  
dbus.service                                static  
debug-shell.service                         [1;31mdisabled[0m
display-manager.service                     [1;32menabled [0m
dm-event.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
dmraid-activation.service                   [1;32menabled [0m
dnsmasq.service                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
dracut-cmdline.service                      static  
dracut-initqueue.service                    static  
dracut-mount.service                        static  
dracut-pre-mount.service                    static  
dracut-pre-pivot.service                    static  
dracut-pre-trigger.service                  static  
dracut-pre-udev.service                     static  
dracut-shutdown.service                     static  
ebtables.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
emergency.service                           static  
fcoe.service                                [1;31mdisabled[0m
firewalld.service                           [1;32menabled [0m
firstboot-graphical.service                 [1;31mdisabled[0m
fprintd.service                             static  
fstrim.service                              static  
gdm.service                                 [1;32menabled [0m
geoclue.service                             static  
getty@.service                              [1;32menabled [0m
gssproxy.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
halt-local.service                          static  
hypervfcopyd.service                        [1;31mdisabled[0m
hypervkvpd.service                          [1;32menabled [0m
hypervvssd.service                          [1;32menabled [0m
initial-setup-graphical.service             [1;31mdisabled[0m
initial-setup-text.service                  [1;31mdisabled[0m
initrd-cleanup.service                      static  
initrd-parse-etc.service                    static  
initrd-switch-root.service                  static  
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service           static  
instperf.service                            static  
iprdump.service                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
iprinit.service                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
iprupdate.service                           [1;31mdisabled[0m
ipsec.service                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
irqbalance.service                          [1;32menabled [0m
iscsi-shutdown.service                      static  
iscsi.service                               [1;32menabled [0m
iscsid.service                              [1;31mdisabled[0m
iscsiuio.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
kdump.service                               [1;32menabled [0m
kmod-static-nodes.service                   static  
ksm.service                                 [1;32menabled [0m
ksmtuned.service                            [1;32menabled [0m
libstoragemgmt.service                      [1;32menabled [0m
libvirt-guests.service                      [1;31mdisabled[0m
libvirtd.service                            [1;32menabled [0m
lldpad.service                              [1;31mdisabled[0m
lvm2-lvmetad.service                        [1;31mdisabled[0m
lvm2-lvmpolld.service                       [1;31mdisabled[0m
lvm2-monitor.service                        [1;32menabled [0m
lvm2-pvscan@.service                        static  
mdadm-grow-continue@.service                static  
mdadm-last-resort@.service                  static  
mdmon@.service                              static  
mdmonitor.service                           [1;32menabled [0m
messagebus.service                          static  
microcode.service                           [1;32menabled [0m
ModemManager.service                        [1;32menabled [0m
multipathd.service                          [1;32menabled [0m
netcf-transaction.service                   [1;31mdisabled[0m
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service           [1;32menabled [0m
NetworkManager-wait-online.service          [1;31mdisabled[0m
NetworkManager.service                      [1;32menabled [0m
nfs-blkmap.service                          [1;31mdisabled[0m
nfs-config.service                          static  
nfs-idmap.service                           static  
nfs-idmapd.service                          static  
nfs-lock.service                            static  
nfs-mountd.service                          static  
nfs-secure-server.service                   static  
nfs-secure.service                          static  
nfs-server.service                          [1;31mdisabled[0m
nfs-utils.service                           static  
nfs.service                                 [1;31mdisabled[0m
nfslock.service                             static  
nmb.service                                 [1;31mdisabled[0m
ntpd.service                                [1;31mdisabled[0m
ntpdate.service                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
numad.service                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
oddjobd.service                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
packagekit-offline-update.service           static  
packagekit.service                          static  
plymouth-halt.service                       [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-kexec.service                      [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-poweroff.service                   [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-quit-wait.service                  [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-quit.service                       [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-read-write.service                 [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-reboot.service                     [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-start.service                      [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-switch-root.service                static  
polkit.service                              static  
postfix.service                             [1;32menabled [0m
psacct.service                              [1;31mdisabled[0m
qemu-guest-agent.service                    [1;32menabled [0m
quotaon.service                             static  
radvd.service                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
rc-local.service                            static  
rdisc.service                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
rdma.service                                [1;31mdisabled[0m
realmd.service                              static  
rescue.service                              static  
rhel-autorelabel-mark.service               static  
rhel-autorelabel.service                    static  
rhel-configure.service                      static  
rhel-dmesg.service                          [1;31mdisabled[0m
rhel-domainname.service                     [1;31mdisabled[0m
rhel-import-state.service                   static  
rhel-loadmodules.service                    static  
rhel-readonly.service                       static  
rngd.service                                [1;32menabled [0m
rpc-gssd.service                            static  
rpc-statd-notify.service                    static  
rpc-statd.service                           static  
rpc-svcgssd.service                         static  
rpcbind.service                             indirect
rpcgssd.service                             static  
rpcidmapd.service                           static  
rpcsvcgssd.service                          static  
rsyncd.service                              [1;31mdisabled[0m
rsyncd@.service                             static  
rsyslog.service                             [1;32menabled [0m
rtkit-daemon.service                        [1;32menabled [0m
saslauthd.service                           [1;31mdisabled[0m
serial-getty@.service                       [1;31mdisabled[0m
smartd.service                              [1;32menabled [0m
smb.service                                 [1;32menabled [0m
speech-dispatcherd.service                  [1;31mdisabled[0m
spice-vdagentd.service                      [1;32menabled [0m
sshd-keygen.service                         static  
sshd.service                                [1;32menabled [0m
sshd@.service                               static  
sssd.service                                [1;31mdisabled[0m
svnserve.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
sysstat.service                             [1;32menabled [0m
systemd-ask-password-console.service        static  
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service       static  
systemd-ask-password-wall.service           static  
systemd-backlight@.service                  static  
systemd-binfmt.service                      static  
systemd-bootchart.service                   [1;31mdisabled[0m
systemd-firstboot.service                   static  
systemd-fsck-root.service                   static  
systemd-fsck@.service                       static  
systemd-halt.service                        static  
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service           static  
systemd-hibernate.service                   static  
systemd-hostnamed.service                   static  
systemd-hwdb-update.service                 static  
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service                static  
systemd-importd.service                     static  
systemd-initctl.service                     static  
systemd-journal-catalog-update.service      static  
systemd-journal-flush.service               static  
systemd-journald.service                    static  
systemd-kexec.service                       static  
systemd-localed.service                     static  
systemd-logind.service                      static  
systemd-machine-id-commit.service           static  
systemd-machined.service                    static  
systemd-modules-load.service                static  
systemd-nspawn@.service                     [1;31mdisabled[0m
systemd-poweroff.service                    static  
systemd-quotacheck.service                  static  
systemd-random-seed.service                 static  
systemd-readahead-collect.service           [1;32menabled [0m
systemd-readahead-done.service              indirect
systemd-readahead-drop.service              [1;32menabled [0m
systemd-readahead-replay.service            [1;32menabled [0m
systemd-reboot.service                      static  
systemd-remount-fs.service                  static  
systemd-rfkill@.service                     static  
systemd-shutdownd.service                   static  
systemd-suspend.service                     static  
systemd-sysctl.service                      static  
systemd-timedated.service                   static  
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service              static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service          static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service              static  
systemd-udev-settle.service                 static  
systemd-udev-trigger.service                static  
systemd-udevd.service                       static  
systemd-update-done.service                 static  
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service        static  
systemd-update-utmp.service                 static  
systemd-user-sessions.service               static  
systemd-vconsole-setup.service              static  
target.service                              [1;31mdisabled[0m
tcsd.service                                [1;31mdisabled[0m
teamd@.service                              static  
tuned.service                               [1;32menabled [0m
udisks2.service                             static  
unbound-anchor.service                      static  
upower.service                              [1;31mdisabled[0m
usbmuxd.service                             static  
virtlockd.service                           indirect
vmtoolsd.service                            [1;32menabled [0m
wacom-inputattach@.service                  static  
wpa_supplicant.service                      [1;31mdisabled[0m
zram.service                                static  

266 unit files listed.
